[website] Add careers page for intern (#26276)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/company/software-engineer-intern/software-engineer-intern.md

# Software Engineer Intern

<p class="description">We are looking for software engineer intern to help support our open-source components, assist the Material-UI community, and help us build new components.</p>

## Details of the Role

- Location: Remote (preference for UTC-5 to UTC+4).
- Type of work: Full-time internship.
- Start date: Flexible.
- We're a remote company, we prefer asynchronous communication over meetings.
- We work independently, the rest of us won't know what you're doing day-to-day unless you tell us.

> 

Reviewer: I would add some information about the duration, e.g. the min duration.

## About Us

See the [careers](/company/careers/) and [about us](https://next.material-ui.com/branding/about/) pages.

### Why we're hiring

> As our teams are growing (x2-3 YoY), we thought that it's time to give chance for new talented engineers to join us for an internship!

Reviewer: I would propose we frame the messaging more toward there are senior members that can mentor, coach you.

```suggestion
We have recently grown the engineering teams with senior members. It's time to give chance for a new talented junior engineer to join us for an internship!
```

- **Material-UI is a large codebase**. You may bang your head against the wall at times, and then write tests to assist future you 😌.
  The work you will be doing is somewhat unique and idiosyncratic. You probably have not had a similar role before.
- **In open-source, you're faced with a nonstop stream of bug reports and support requests**. That means you need to develop an intuition for when to ignore something, and when to dig in further.

## About you

We're looking for someone with strong front-end skills or someone who has a passion and is eager to learn more in this area. More important than specific technical skills though is that you're a strong problem solver who loves to learn. Details matter to you.

### Skills you should have

- **Experience in the modern JavaScript ecosystem**. Material-UI is built on the shoulders of giants, making use of technologies such as ES2015+, TypeScript, Node.js, React, Next.js, webpack, and Babel.

> - **Experience in shipping code in a team setting** with a passion for writing tested, performant, and high-quality code.

Reviewer: Not sure if it's required, it will be learned
